Brother Jun is not dead
Phineas
Does he look familiar?
What about that Chen Hejun?
Chen Ajun
But his eyes?
But not as ruthless as Chen Ajun
And people are a little silly, but what's their name?
Aye Aye
Good brother Fei
It's nothing.
I'll take him down first, take him down
Go! Go!
Go, go, go.
Look.
What!
I thought that person was interesting
Interesting
I'll arrange for him to punch you twice another day.
It's my handsome brother
How did you become like this?
How about two kids?
Children are at the forefront
Please he's not he didn't kill me
The child should be safe with him
Now he put me in on purpose
Just to collect Fei Ge's sinners
You're not afraid he'll recognize me and die in front of him
He shouldn't doubt it.
I hope so. Oh, yeah.
You can ask Cai Manmeng to come up when I'm not here
Qin Yan said he was a reporter for Xinyang Evening News
Maybe it helped you undercover